the aftermath of an Israeli strike on a
un run School Sheltering thousands of
displaced Palestinians in central Gaza
nearly 40 people have been reported
killed from the bombardment in theak
Camp and dozens more injured a
residential home was also
hit I woke up to the screams of women
and saw torn body parts one woman lost
two or three children people have lost
everyone the alaxa hospital where people
are being treated is at three times its
capacity and there are fears it will
lead to more deaths with many of the
injured being treated on the floor alaa
hospital is the only functioning
Hospital in central Gaza Israel alleges
the school was used by
Hamas this horrible Massacre committed
by the Israeli occupation is clear
evidence of the crime of genocide and
ethnic cleansing against civilians
including women children and displaced
people in the Gaza Strip the hit is part
of a renewed Israeli military operation
in Central Gaza that has killed more
than 70 people since
Tuesday attacks on civilian
infrastructure like this school have
been Hallmarks of Israel's war on Gaza
over 300 Education Centers have been
destroyed and more than 36,000 people
have been killed 15,000 of them children
with the death toll still Rising imagin
Kimber Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer